# NAWA

Network Autonomous World Alliance Foundation (NAWA Foundation for short), the group headquarters was established in BVI (British Virgin Islands) in 2019. NAWA Foundation is an international public welfare organization voluntarily established by venture capital institutions dedicated to blockchain technology innovation and development and global digital economy research. It is composed of Synthetic Protocol core contributor James Elbaja, French well-known blockchain finance figure Grégory Raymond, and PricewaterhouseCoopers Pauline Adam Kalfon, a French financial partner, and FairMoney, a French financial technology startup, co-sponsored it.

NAWA Foundation is committed to popularizing blockchain knowledge, promoting the industrial development of encrypted digital technology, providing customized blockchain technical services for enterprises, institutions, and major customers, incubating high-quality blockchain encrypted financial products, and promoting technological development and enterprise upgrades. And ecological development provides multi-dimensional support to create the future of encrypted digital finance.

Over the years, the foundation has funded more than 100 projects distributed in more than 20 countries and regions, mainly including the development of the underlying infrastructure of blockchain technology, the construction of a research and development team for decentralized network infrastructure, and an ecosystem of encrypted digital wallets. Components, technology development and application in the field of decentralized software protocols, software designed to realize identity and supply chain modules, etc. The main business level is to design and build a cross-chain financial technology service ecosystem integrating fund products, capital appreciation management, lending, financing, trading, games, financial incubation and other functions to maximize the value of digital assets in the encrypted world.
